# Joplin-jrnl
This is a CLI to append notes to a notebook as a running, append-only journaling system.  The general inspiration was the [jrnl](https://jrnl.sh/en/stable/) command line tool.  I like the general simplicity of how it works, but wanted the data to be more accessible through Joplin, which I use for general notetaking.

Currently this is a barely functional mess.  But it does work, so I'm going to
be tweaking it as I run into things that break.

# How the heck to I use this?  This is currently a first-run barely working
development version as such, this is a mess requiring a wrapper script to hand
off to a virtualenv (generated by poetry).  Eventually this will be a normal,
pip-installable thing.  But until that happens, the general steps are:
1. `mkdir ~/.config/jj/`
2. `cp conf.yaml ~/.config/jj/`
3. Edit conf.yaml to reflect your values
4. copy(or symlink) jj.sh to something in your path
5. optionally rename it to jj so it's faster to type: `mv jj.sh jj`
6. Use poetry to install the dependencies: `poetry install` (oh yeah, you have
   poetry installed right?)
7. get the path for your poetry virtualenv that got created (poetry shell; pwd)
   and edit that as the python path in jj.sh
At this point I may still have things hardcoded while testing things, so there
is no guarantee this will work for anyone other than me.  I will (hopefully)
make it less convoluted, but hey...this is the develop branch right now.

# Roadmap/Hopes and Dreams
- [x] Add entries to a joplin note
- [ ] Optionally use editor to make bigger edits (or to deal with annoying
    characters in entry that shell wants to expand to something
- [ ] Search for entries based on content
- [ ] Search for entries based on tags
- [ ] More intelligent handling of options
    - [ ] Create a note if you don't specify one
    - [ ] Utilize options to override settings
- [ ] Print out entries to CLI
- [ ] Basically work like jrnl, but with joplin :)
